good morning and welcome to vlogmas day
3 I can't believe it's already the third
of December that's really strange so
today is a Monday and it's 7:40 and I'm
really tired I've just woken up so I've
got a test which is at 9:30 so I'm going
to be doing some studying this morning
and if you watch yesterday's vlog you're
neither now going to help with concerts
why you really caught my voice I'm
losing my voice pretty much case it's
9:30 and the test that means has just
gone why this is a test that were
allowed to take with notes as well
there's only 20 questions and it's
multiple choice okay soon epistemology
is D the study of knowledge - what does
Plato trying to demonstrate when he
leads the slave through the geometry
example in the Meno that the slave
already knows the answer the same has
the capacity to reason oh it's not a
Degas methodological doubt involves
withholding assent from any beliefs that
we cannot be sure of and he doesn't
prove the existence of an evil demon he
just talks about it showing that our
beliefs are force a withholding a self
or any belief that we cannot be sure
[Music]
Hugh believes that our causal inferences
are the result of habit empiricism is
the belief that all knowledge is
ultimately derive from Sense experience
oh there's an all of the above wait we
cannot sure we be sure we know anything
there is no such thing as the immortal
soul all of the above actually oh that's
risky I know that he is true but we
cannot know everything that's like we
cannot know anything but that's not true
because in Peretz thank you
empiricists would say that you can know
things what do you know so epistemology
you've got rationalism empiricism
skepticism and we cannot be sure we know
anything is skepticism but then at the
same time empiricism would involve the
belief that there is no such thing as an
immortal soul but it is a form of
epistemology so I'm going to say well no
I just ultimately derived from Sense
experience sorry I'm really boring you
I'll speed this up
[Music]
look believes that there are no ideas
that I have no telephone no okay so I've
got six minutes left of being able to
access the test and the one question
which I am stuck on they're only 20
questions and there are multiple choices
following but the one question which I
am unsure of it's question 17 which of
the following best describes live
blitzes argument for the existence of an
eight idea is so a our knowledge of
necessary treats must be based on
possession of an eight principles be
some in some ideas are assented to
universally and universal assent implies
in English with these ideas see the
senses can deceive us so knowledge must
be innate and D our mind is like a block
of marble and innate knowledge is like
the veins in the marble and I was kind
of torn between a and D and I was
looking through the lecture slides and
something there's an actual specific
piece that our lecture is written which
really alludes to a and I think that D
is probably there just to kind of push
us in the wrong direction because it's
an analogy as opposed to the arguments
so I'm gonna go for a okay now I'm just
going to quickly check through my
questions
you
[Music]
submit all and finish I was so nervous
for that and it was just not something
to be nervous about now that I've done
it my lecturer was like you don't have
to be nervous about it it's it's a
multiple-choice question like you should
be okay though I was just nervous that I
didn't know there are a few curveballs
there which I'm not sure because there I
was kind of torn between one or two um I
think was deliberately quite ambiguous
so it's testing your understanding not
your knowledge um
not your knowledge of knowledge your
understanding of noise I think 17 was
anyone I was really conscious of and I
changed one in the last two minute okay
so it's currently ten o'clock I can now
close down all of my tabs because that
will related to that quiz I can take of
everything this to do with them though
basically
[Music]
okay it's currently does that make sense
okay it's current okay it's currently I
just didn't summary to my head for a
second it's currently 6:40 so I'm back
in my room that is a Christmas carol
service this evening but I'm not gonna
go to that one even though I do really
want to go to or blurry a Christmas
carol service at some point this year
because usually I obviously get to go to
my school one but this year I can't and
that's really sad I thought tonight was
the only one but there's actually one
next Wednesday which I didn't think I
could go to you but now I realize I can
go to it so yeah that means I could have
a night in recuperate I decided that I'm
gonna try and make myself some vegan
crab cakes I've never actually had
normal crab cakes but I found a recipe
on tasty and it looked quite good so
I've decided to try and make it you know
I really really hate meat substitutes
but I like fish substitutes so I like
making kind of things which like vegan
alternatives to fish and because when I
did eat fish when I was a kid I really
loved fish so I'm gonna make some vegan
crab cakes and hopefully they will taste
okay but for now correct me on my
favorite man's list okay here is my
dinner so I have roasted some courgettes
and these are the real cakes which are
kind of questionable but I hope they'll
taste nice so I'm just gonna dig into
this right now and I'm gonna play some
Christmas music okay um it's nearly
11:00 and I've just posted vlogmas day
one I a dastard did the thumbnail the
thumbnail took ages I don't know 40
minutes I'm just now read and I will see
you in the morning for vlogmas day 4
tomorrow I am going Christmas shopping
with one of my closest friends at
University I'm very excited for you to
meet her in tomorrow's vlog because
she's just so lovely yeah I'm really
excited for tomorrow but very very tired
and also very excited for sleep
so um I will see you tomorrow I thank
you so much for watching this video I
hope that you enjoyed it and have a
productive week actually I feel like I
should say have a productive day because
I'm posting daily I think I've been
posting daily for the last like three
weeks um have a productive day